AWS appsync migration guide (#872)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/sync/migration/awsappsync.txt

Device Sync
~~~~~~~~~~~

The following diagram shows the typical Device Sync architecture:

.. image:: /images/migration/device_sync_architecture.png
   :alt: A diagram showing a typical Device Sync architecture.

In this architecture, your app uses the Realm APIs to communicate directly with 
Atlas App Services, which handles data storage, synchronization, and conflict 
resolution.

The data flow is:

- Data is stored in each device’s local realm db.
- A user makes changes on the device. 
- Device Sync APIs send changes to Atlas App Services.
- Atlas App Services performs any necessary conflict resolution, stores the changes 
  in Atlas, and syncs the changes to the other devices.
- Device Sync APIs updates the data in each device’s local realm.

AWS AppServices
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When you migrate from Device Sync to AWS AppSync, you will need to make the 
following changes to your architecture:

- Use AWS AppSync to handle data synchronization 
- Use an AWS Lambda Resolver to send data to Atlas via the MongoDB driver SDKs 
- Use AWS Event Bridge to listen for event triggers from Atlas 
- Add a Database Trigger to Atlas 

You will also change 2 parts of your client code:

> - Because AppSync uses GraphQL, you will use the AWS AppSync API to communicate 
>   with it AppSync

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Because AppSync uses GraphQL, you need to use AWS AppSync APIs to access GraphQL endpoints from your application.
```

- The local data store also changes from a Realm database to the default 
  datastore on the device (typically SQLite), or another one of your choice.

The following diagram shows a typical example of the new architecture:

.. image:: /images/migration/aws_appsync_architecture.png
   :alt: A diagram showing a typical Device Sync architecture.

> Migration Steps

Reviewer: If these are truly "steps" (which they seem to be), can we change the bullets to numbered items?
